[Release] Add release notes (#293)
radix-ui/website: data/primitives/overview/releases.mdx

<Description>Radix Primitives releases and their changelogs.</Description>

## 09/12/2021

**All Primitives**

- 🎉 All primitives are now versioned <Badge size="1" variant="blue" css={{ fontFamily: '$mono' }}>0.1.2</Badge>

> - 🔥 Removed `IdProvider` and improved React 18 support for generated ids <PRLink id={1006} />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 🔥 Remove `IdProvider` and improve React 18 support for generated ids <PRLink id={1006} />
```

Author: We don't use past tense anywhere else.. it's always `Remove`.
